Update use-binaries example to use released binaries (#47)
cognitedata/bazel-snapshots: examples/use-binaries/README.md

# Using binaries

> This example show how you can use the Snapshot tool by downloading the prebuilt binaries from the GitHub Release page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how you can use the Snapshot tool by downloading the prebuilt binaries from the [GitHub Release page](https://github.com/cognitedata/bazel-snapshots/releases).
```
